Support python3 (#35)
logzio/logzio_aws_serverless: README.md

#  AWS Serverless Shipper - Lambda

> This is an AWS Lambda function that ships logs from AWS serverless apps to Logz.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an AWS Lambda function that ships logs from AWS services to Logz.io.
```

**Note**:
This project contains code for Python 2 and Python 3.

> We recommend using Python 3 because Python 2 has reached its end of life.

Reviewer: Will reach EOL at 1.1.20 -- please check this

Author: sent you the final version
